Update Collector README to add details on the decouple processor (#1046)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-lambda: collector/README.md

to the collector before returning control to the Lambda environment. The collector's pipelines are synchronous and this 
means that the response of the lambda function is delayed until the data has been exported. 
This delay can potentially be for hundreds of milliseconds.

To overcome this problem the [decouple](./processor/decoupleprocessor/README.md) processor can be used to separate the 
2 ends of the collectors pipeline, allow the lambda function to complete and still ensuring that any data is exported 
before the Lambda environment is frozen.

Below is a sample configuration that uses the decouple processor:
```yaml
receivers:
  otlp:
    protocols:
      grpc:

exporters:
  logging:
    loglevel: debug
  otlp:
    endpoint: { backend endpoint }

processors:
  decouple:

service:
  pipelines:
    traces:
      receivers: [otlp]
      processors: [decouple]
      exporters: [logging, otlp]
```

## Reducing Lambda runtime
If your lambda function is invoked frequently it is also possible to pair the decouple processor with the batch 
processor to reduce total lambda execution time at the expense of the delaying the export of OpenTelemetry data. 

> When used with the batch processor the decouple processor must be the last processor in the pipeline to ensure that data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using both the decouple and batch processors, the decouple processor must be last in the pipeline to ensure that data
```
Just offering the suggestion above to try and say this with one less instance of "processor."
